# DSC180B-Capstone-ProjectA09

For our second quarter project, we plan to expand on findings from our first quarter project where we used more statistical-based methods. We plan to implement a neural network-based solution to find the default mode network in the brain. This default mode network is interesting because it is highly active when a brain is comprehending something or thinking about the self. To see this network in fMRI data, the patient is asked to think about nothing. Overall our project is engaged in the mysteries of our brain which cannot only be solved by statistical approaches. Neural networks are beneficial for finding relationships in the data that would not otherwise be easily discovered. Once we have a trained model, we are able to release the architecture and trained parameters of the neural network so our work will be easily reproducible. 

Another interesting factor about the subject of researching the default mode network is that we can measure the connectivity of the network to show evidence of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's \citep{fox2005}. While our project doesn't focus on detecting neurological decay, it is interested in finding a method of detecting the connectivity of the brain, as well as exploring regions of the brain that might be active during a resting state. This resting state is achieved when the subject is told to focus on nothing. The default mode network is not the only network, but it might be the most mysterious one since it is active when the brain is not focused on a specific task such as hearing or learning. 
